# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

 # Responsive Website Layout

This repository contains the code for a responsive website layout that adapts to different screen sizes. The layout is built using Sass and includes media queries to ensure that the website looks and functions well on a variety of devices, including desktops, tablets, and smartphones.

## Getting Started

To use this layout, you will need to have Sass installed. You can install Sass using the following command:

```
npm install -g sass
```

Once Sass is installed, you can compile the Sass files by running the following command:

```
sass --watch scss/style.scss css/style.css
```

This command will watch the `scss/style.scss` file for changes and automatically compile it to `css/style.css`.

## Code Structure

The Sass code is organized into the following files:

* `scss/style.scss`: This file contains the main Sass code for the website layout.
* `scss/variables.scss`: This file contains the Sass variables used in the layout.
* `scss/mixins.scss`: This file contains the Sass mixins used in the layout.

## Media Queries

The layout uses media queries to adapt to different screen sizes. The media queries are defined in the `scss/style.scss` file.

The following media queries are used:

* `@media screen and (max-width: 1367px)`: This media query applies to screens with a maximum width of 1367 pixels.
* `@media screen and (max-width: 1100px)`: This media query applies to screens with a maximum width of 1100 pixels.
* `@media screen and (max-width: 900px)`: This media query applies to screens with a maximum width of 900 pixels.
* `@media screen and (max-width: 786px)`: This media query applies to screens with a maximum width of 786 pixels.
* `@media screen and (max-width: 600px)`: This media query applies to screens with a maximum width of 600 pixels.

Each media query contains the CSS rules that should be applied to the layout for that particular screen size.

## Layout Overview

The layout is divided into the following sections:

* Header
* Home
* Work
* Services
* Testimonial
*

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)